This alias and what you are in Fabri
another video this time we are in the root
of a text pack in a new scenario
a new place I did it completely because
the world where I had it where I had
where sky sex where did the review
of the xxi so that I was lost
good to restart minecraft and and it was deleted
already deleted erase the folder point
minecraft and that's that was that was what
what happened
good the text for what I'm going to show
a pvp pvp text pack as good
The sword has a good definition
some things also that does not change
is the sexual part is called nica
Facebook
facebook faithfull pvp edic well nica
faithfull pvp edit is already based on the
facebook 64 x 64 and good let's start with
the review
here we have what would be the stone the
Rock lawn moist soil to the
types of wood and wood in
wooden boards although we have the
sandstone the sandstone if it is given this
building load is given with the
face clipper and smooth sandstone
here we have all types of
crystals already and here the types of wool already
here we have what would be the slab of
sandstone rock art clay divan
clay and bricks stone bricks
Y
and in fratrillo here we have the brick
to be cracked the musicians or the
brick and normal stone and zinc is
lava here we have the types of
of how it was called this clay and
this is
the stone of the end here we have all the
ladder types as seen from wood
sandstone and also quartz and here
we have here is also the brick
infra drillo rock and the ground here
we have the minerals that would be the
emerald restón lapis lazuli el
diamond gold iron and coal
clear with its respective block not here
we have the wooden slabs yes here
we have the pumpkin on in the
normal pumpkin
mucus stone
as if master the obsidian the bookstore
and also the brick here we have the
water as they see the water is from him not
place of text for caracas del spark
sigh and kraft the lava from the
normal and this that is here is snow by
if it 's snow it's not wool
according to here back mobs but it 's in
peaceful already here I have what would be the
horses with armor maybe the golden one the
of diamond and the iron as he looks
pretty good and now I go out I take off
I got it right out the chest has the
texture of the escape df as you see here
are the other swords are expected 128
quito you can see the inventory is
transparent and just now the idea
how beautiful they look is transparent
how they see it survival too
look there I am also the subject what
would be the in game menu in the menu
game has the lyrics of the xbox but and
of kraft lahm is kraft or is it
transparent the anvil the furnace and
also that kraft lahm that kraft in the
enchantment table and now we pass
with the main thing of the pvp that would be in the
that more the swords as here we have the
wooden sword there is from here you see
pretty good how they see the hunt and the
stone the iron the diamond and
the gold one and here they are today that I did not
you can put 2
already there a car was heard and here
we have what would be the armors the
diamond iron and cote mesh and here
we have what would be the infiltrate of the
quartz and the sand of souls and the stone
luminous
I hope you liked the review
from texture bach and the indie download
will be in the description and see you
until next time
goodbye